arturo vidal is not yet we put back
in place 1 to 0 for juve 1 0 juve il
arturo vidal's goal to describe
the antonio we take to recovery of the
advertising is quite a nice restart
bianconera with a filtering pass
on the right where it was created
superiority juventus has arrived at
cross by lichtsteiner with
the left handed two players completely
only the balloon already flies over already
nothing that could possibly have gone
head ball probably left
most likely ball behind him
at best placed vidal who has
entangled issued by the balloon to
Viviano left at the 32nd minute a
marassi sampdoria 0 juventus
here we are, there is a lack of ground
strange toxicological recovers it
scudetto of juve etf spy that does so
expect them on the bench that does so
for the fourth consecutive time in
bench you laugh his evil not brown
there is the canton there is everything to bring it back
bring the dog but after said do
stay here 5 meters as you know we try
even dogs three minutes of recovery from
this instant lady 20 dogs and Pauline
take off the jacket online the mass
especially for the advantages and the jacket
nolimit clean up the shirt that why
he is Pauline three minutes from the end
ready cuts are the cuts are and with
this page won the journalist derby
to 9 to 3 let us remember that he cuts the
T-shirt that will cut red not
I know I don't know kien sabatino we give india
in the mornings we wear blunt attention
wounds
here are the slippers years
no thanks not merely as dino g
about thirty sensibilities are cruel and 33
audio thanks short audio audio
Rome
great to all the institutions because it
scudetto you wear it for us
seen with what you have
wait up
expect
the phone
increased appearance of birth of students
and certainly not respected is panini lo
scudetto take the scudetto that
let us see this moment of glory
and this directly from juventus
stadium the fourth consecutive championship
look at the system as a participant of the
your daughter
he doesn't do it I certainly don't do it to him
I don't do who I do it I do
pay for the whole year
the biggest that has ever doubled
direct does not look at him now wait go
and the first one fell the first
coach who succeeds in the boss enterprise
contiana the former Milan player chased away from the
Milan to win the Scudetto e
especially for the first is tiziana chi
you let the future slip away
max cheerful Italian champion
thanks tiziano buy me players
I too can become 6 income one
team a team like the one you have
inherited him maybe but I win too
I make 11 points less than last year
thanks milan two gifts first pirlo it and
then be cheerful and you keep inzaghi e
what you deserve but I won
seven champions league
let's see how many happy enemies we see
half an hour back home lot thanks